so in the audio urban intelligent does
this project we're trying to come up and
develop a vision of the urban mobility
in the future for audi customers so
we're trying to come up with new
assistant systems and navigation
solutions that will help our customers
to navigate to the urban jungle in the
future
so I think the volkswagen group of
America is really excited and also proud
to be working with them top ranked
universities in the United States and
particular here in California with UC
San Diego we are really happy to work
with them and harness a lot of that
potential and new ideas that we see here
and bring part of that into our research
and hopefully into new products for
hourly customers in the future so we see
a lot of potential and interesting ideas
being generated here in California and
we see this as a new wave of technology
coming into our vehicles and that's why
we want to tap into this source
well the the whole initiative is spread
out over three years so we are kind of
at the beginning of the first year and
over the course of the next two years
we're going to help develop those
applications of the universities and
hopefully maybe sometime next year or
early 2013 we will see some results and
present that to our colleagues in
Germany and hopefully get some good
feedback
yeah so part of our mission I would say
is to as you just mentioned to you
harness all that energy and all that new
technology that's going on in the United
States and particularly in the Silicon
Valley and bring this into our cars of
the future and then transfer it isn't a
knowledge to our partners to make the
rotas model place in the future